So admittedly, I know even less about
how to run Neo4j in production.
The one thing I did want to call
out is how it's licensed so
like a consideration around that.
Neo4j is licensed to run as
the Community Edition for free,
as long as you're only
running it as one server.
Which for the most part means
that you as a hobbyist or
as a very small company can run Neo4j.
But as soon as you want
to do a clustered server.
Which basically means any sort of
like real production, deployment.
You have to pay the Neo4j
company money for
that licence to run those
particular kinds of things.
Honestly, like I think it's fine like they
have an entire team that works on Neo4j.
I think it's fine for
them to get paid for their work.
They also have a bunch of
other like enterprising stuff,
they can do like
Active Directory Integrations.
They have unlimited size.
Community Edition does have a size cap.
It's very large but
that does have a size cap.
The other really big thing is the
Community Edition can only do backups if
you take down the server.
Whereas the enterprise one can do stay
up the entire time and still do backups.
So just be aware, it's a company,
they're trying to make money,
but think that's okay.
Beyond that they just have,
primaries and secondaries.
They also have the idea of sharding and
things like that.
So kind of all the things that you would
expect based on the other databases we've
worked with